 Hello, what's up? My chest has been hurting since yesterday, so I'm worried about my health. Your chest is hurting? I see. Please tell me more about your pain. When did your chest start hurting? I think it started yesterday afternoon. So it started hurting since yesterday afternoon. Did you have any problems? I started to feel heavy in the morning. It hurts when I take a deep breath. I see. Have you had any similar pain before? No, I haven't. I think it was the first time. What kind of pain do you feel when you take a deep breath? I feel like I'm being pushed. Is the pain caused by your fingers? I feel like my left chest hurts. I see. Do you feel any pain in your back or arms? I don't feel any pain in my back. You don't feel any pain in your back? I don't think it's always painful. When you feel pain, you can't take a deep breath. If you can't take a deep breath and want to go to the hospital, how painful is it? I feel like it hurts a lot. I think it's about 6 or 7. Do you feel better when you rest when you feel pain? I feel pain when I move a little, but I feel better when I rest. How many times a day do you feel pain? I feel like it hurts about 6 times a day. I understand. Do you feel any pain after that? I don't feel any pain in my breath. Do you feel any pain in your breath? I don't feel any pain in my breath. Do you feel better when you lie down? I feel better when I sit down. Do you feel better when you lie down? I don't feel better when I lie down. I understand. Do you have any medical treatment? I have high blood pressure, and I only take medicine for it. How long have you been taking medicine? I've been taking medicine for about a year. Did you go to the hospital before that? Or did you say you didn't have to take it even though you had high blood pressure? I didn't go to the hospital, but I was told to be careful of high blood pressure. I understand. Do you know the name of the medicine? I don't remember, but I think it started with A. You don't know the name. Have you ever experienced heart disease or chest pain? I was a little worried for the first time, so I came here. So you haven't had any other high blood pressure diseases? Yes. Are there any high blood pressure patients in your family? My father had a high blood pressure and he had a bad heart. How about your grandfather? I don't know that much. Thank you. I have a question. Have you had any changes in your health or lifestyle? I haven't changed my job, but I've been working a lot lately, so I've been keeping my stress. I understand. I'll measure your blood pressure. Okay. Your blood pressure is 138 to 86. It's a little high, but you're being treated now, so it's not very high. Did you take your medicine in the morning? Yes, I did. I'll listen to your chest. Okay. The sound of your heart and lungs are normal. I didn't feel like my lungs were full of water. I see. Looking at your current symptoms and blood pressure, I don't think it's a heart disease, but it's a muscle pain or a bone pain. I don't think it's a high possibility of having a six-vascular disease. There are also high blood pressure in the family, so there are times when family-related blood pressure is a little high. I think it's better to look at cholesterol levels, and I think we should first do a blood test. I don't think it's a sudden heart disease because it's only once. I think it's a little hard to see when you're in a bad mood. I think it's better to check if your heart is in a good condition with the medicine. I understand. Thank you. Let's start with a blood test. In some cases, we take a blood test, or we do a more detailed test. I don't think there's a sudden heart disease because of the cause of the heart disease. Let's first find out why you have a heart attack. I understand. Thank you. Is there anything you're worried about? I'm worried that my father's heart is not in good condition. I'm worried about your family. I understand. I think you're worried about that, so let's start with the test. If you find something, I'll treat it. It's okay if there's nothing wrong with it. I understand. I'll call you back for a blood test. Thank you. Take care of yourself. I'm sorry.